update readme for Akamai (#3532)
elastic/integrations: packages/akamai/_dev/build/docs/README.md

Use this API to get security event data generated on the ​Akamai​ platform and correlate it with data from other sources in your SIEM solution. Capture security event data incrementally, or replay missed security events from the past 12 hours. You can store, query, and analyze the data delivered through this API on your end, then go back and adjust your Akamai security settings. If you’re coding your own SIEM connector, it needs to adhere to these specifications in order to pull in security events from Akamai Security Events Collector (ASEC) and process them properly.

> See [Akamai API get started](https://techdocs.akamai.com/siem-integration/reference/api-get-started) to setup your Akamai account and get  your credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Akamai API get started](https://techdocs.akamai.com/siem-integration/reference/api-get-started) to set up your Akamai account and get your credentials.
```
